pdef movregnum regd, num
mvi regd num
end

pdef movaccnum regd, num
mvi regd num
end

pdef movregreg regd, regs
mov regd regs
end

pdef movregacc regd, regs
mov regd regs
end

pdef movaccreg regd, regs
mov regd regs
end

pdef movaccacc regd, regs
mov regd regs
end

pdef movregvar regd, vars
lxi h vars
mov regd m
end

pdef movaccvar regd, vars
lxi h vars
mov regd m
end

pdef movvarnum vard, num
sta temp
mvi a num
sta vard
lda temp
end

pdef movvarreg vard, regs
sta temp
mov A regs
sta vard
lda temp
end

pdef movvaracc vard, regs
sta temp
mov A regs
sta vard
lda temp
end

pdef movvarvar vard, vars
sta temp
lxi h vars
mov A m
sta vard
lda temp
end

pdef addregnum regd, num
sta temp
mvi A 0
add regd
adi num
mov regd A
lda temp
end

pdef addregreg regd, regs
sta temp
mvi A 0
add regd
add regs
mov regd A
lda temp
end

pdef addregacc regd, regs
sta temp
mvi A 0
add regd
add regs
mov regd A
lda temp
end


pdef addregvar regd, vars
sta temp
mvi A 0
add regd
lxi h vars
add m
mov regd A
lda temp
end

pdef addaccnum regd, num
adi num
end

pdef addaccreg regd, regs
add regs
end

pdef addaccvar regd, vars
lxi h vars
add m
end

pdef addvarnum vard, num
sta temp
mvi A 0
lxi h vard
add m
adi num
sta vard
lda temp
end

pdef addvarreg vard, regs
sta temp
mvi A 0
lxi h vard
add m
add regs
sta vard
lda temp
end

pdef addvaracc vard, regs
sta temp
mvi A 0
lxi h vard
add m
add regs
sta vard
lda temp
end


pdef addvarvar vard, vars
sta temp
mvi A 0
lxi h vard
add m
lxi h vars
add m
sta vard
lda temp
end

pdef subregnum regd, num
sta temp
mvi A 0
add regd
sui num
mov regd A
lda temp
end

pdef subregreg regd, regs
sta temp
mvi A 0
add regd
sub regs
mov regd A
lda temp
end

pdef subregacc regd, regs
sta temp
mvi A 0
add regd
sub regs
mov regd A
lda temp
end


pdef subregvar regd, vars
sta temp
mvi A 0
add regd
lxi h vars
sub m
mov regd A
lda temp
end

pdef subaccnum regd, num
sui num
end

pdef subaccreg regd, regs
sub regs
end

pdef subaccvars regd, vars
lxi h vars
sub m
end

pdef subvarnum vard, num
sta temp
mvi A 0
lxi h vard
add m
sui num
sta vard
lda temp
end

pdef subvarreg vard, regs
sta temp
mvi A 0
lxi h vard
add m
sub regs
sta vard
lda temp
end

pdef subvaracc vard, regs
sta temp
mvi A 0
lxi h vard
add m
sub regs
sta vard
lda temp
end


pdef subvarvar vard, vars
sta temp
mvi A 0
lxi h vard
add m
lxi h vars
sub m
sta vard
lda temp
end

pdef swapregreg regd, regs
sta temp
mov A regs
mov regs regd
mov regd A
lda temp
end

pdef swapregacc regd, regs
sta temp
mov A regd
lxi h temp
mov regd m
end

pdef swapaccreg regd, regs
sta temp
mov A regd
lxi h temp
mov regd m
end

pdef swapregvar regd, vars
sta temp
mov A regd
lxi h vars
mov regd m
sta vars
lda temp
end

pdef swapvarreg vard, regs
sta temp
mov A regs
lxi h vard
mov regs m
sta vard
lda temp
end

pdef swapaccvar regd, vars
sta temp
lda vars

lxi h vars
mov regd m
sta vars
lda temp
end